PART-TIME HELP WANTED!
Wouldn't you like to have a good time
working with us at Stile??
Good morn...
...ing.
It seems I got here a little too early.
Looks like I'm the only one here.
STOMP
Maika-san, you've gotten really good
at being a sadist.
It's beyond my control!
AFTER THE DATE, RATED R
What were you doing down there?
Taking a little nap.
I stay up late watching anime,
so I don't get enough sleep.
You really like anime, huh?
Yep!
I love Japanese anime about beautiful girls!
Isn't there anime in Italy?
There's anime in Italy, too.
It's just that...
they don't have any characters
who are Japanese girls with black hair.
Yeah, I don't suppose they would.
But I'm interested in anime
from other countries!
I'd like to check it out sometime.
You really have a thing
for other countries, huh, Maika-san?
Is there something
that spurred your initial interest?
Yes!
When I was five, my dad had a visitor,
and that was the first time I met a foreigner.
So that's why you became interested, huh?
I was also getting tired of Japan.
You got tired of your own country
at the age of five?
Ever since I was little,
everything in my house was traditional.
So,
when my dad's foreign guest came over,
it was startling!
All of a sudden, I became fascinated
by the idea of other countries!
STARE...
But apparently my childhood self
was getting in the way,
so I was tossed out of the room.
There was a time when I yearned
for foreign things so much
that I wanted to dye my hair blonde!
What?
Mom...
I want to dye my hair blonde!
Pfft!
PFFT...
There's no need to
make your hair match your glare!
Don't be so hasty!
There must be a better path for you!
They shot that idea down completely.
For some reason, though,
I was really encouraged by their response!
I still regret how my love for foreign
countries was a burden on my parents.
Wh-What happened?
I liked the old man's statue
from the chicken place so much
that I'd stare at it all day!
Oh, is that all? That's cute.
That was my first love.
I'm a weird girl, right?
For a statue to be my first love...
But I was so enamored of it
as a little girl
that I couldn't help but stare!
And that was a burden on your parents?
Yes. Actually...
MUTTER MUTTER
We're sorry! We're sorry!
...the store called my parents to complain
about the kid glaring at their statue.
After that,
I learned about Santa Claus!
In the end, I pestered
my parents every day for a year,
trying to get them to install
a chimney in our house!
Every day for a year?
I wanted to capture Santa Claus.
But it'd be weird for a traditional
Japanese house to have a chimney, right?
Maika-san, you just said "capture," did you not?
Prepare yourself!
So your passion for foreign countries
was stoked when you were a kid.
Oh, sorry for talking your ear off!
When you should've been taking a nap...
Don't worry about it.
I enjoyed hearing about you, Maika-san.
What should I do?
The manager had even less time to sleep
because I talked so long!
How can I apologize?
I've got it!
Manager!
Use my lap as a pillow!
Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma-Ma-Maika-san!
If you're going to take another nap,
please use my legs as a pillow.
B-B-But Maika-san,
u-using your lap as a pillow...
My legs aren't good enough?
Amore!
Sure, I'll use them!
B-Blond hair on my lap!
J-Just a little...
Just a little...
RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE RUFFLE
Maika-san is being bold today!
Manager...
I wonder if you'll have
a long white beard years from now.
Good morning!
Yikes!
Good morning, everyone!
Akizuki-kun, call the police.
Roger.
N-No! She gave consent!
Consent? Liar.
It's true!
I can't believe that.
If you got consent, prove it.
My legs went to sleep
after he used them as a pillow.
How am I supposed to show proof?
Maika-san, please help me out here!
They won't believe me!
So it was sexual harassment after all.
So that resulted
in an unexpected misunderstanding.
But...
that was...
What can I do to normally
get into that situation more often?
Like if I did something to make Maika-san happy...
If I prepared something like that, I'm sure...
The one thing I know Maika-san loves
is other countries!
In that case...
Akizuki-san, I'd like to go abroad,
so can I leave the shop to you
for about a month?
Go to hell.
I guess I'll start with something
that can be done in Japan.
Maika-san...
Yes?
Would you go with me
to a new café this Sunday?
A café?
Of course it's my treat!
I haven't done anything
to deserve a treat though.
You've been working very hard here!
So, um...
I wanted to thank you
in a normal way or...
something like that.
Thank an employee in a normal way?
Is he thinking of a party
in recognition of our hard work?
If that's what it is, I'd be honored!
Th-Then let's meet on Sunday at 8:30 am
in front of Hachiko at Shibuya Station!
Sure!
SHIBUYA GUIDE
SIGHTSEEING
FOOD
SHOPPING
I did it!
A date with Maika-san!
I was so excited that I couldn't sleep
after watching late night anime!
Wh-Why are you here?
Sorry. I didn't realize
that was your intention.
Maika-chan said you wanted to reward us
for our hard work.
But Hoshikawa had good instincts.
She refused to come right away.
No wonder adults are different!
Magical Girl Frill will be on
after these messages!
MAGICAL GIRL FRILL
Maybe this is stereotyping,
but since Italian men are used to this,
shouldn't they go about it
in a smarter way?
That is just a stereotype!
At least I'm the sensitive type,
so it's hard for me to be assertive!
Well, you're just a loser.
But I see you cheerfully chatting with
female customers and random women.
Of course. They see me as a gentleman
who's kind to women.
Don't call yourself a gentleman.
Then shouldn't you just behave
towards Sakuranomiya the same way?
There's no way I could or would
treat Maika-san like those other women!
Hey, where did the gentleman go?
Manager, we'll help you out today,
so cheer up!
Thank you!
I don't mind helping, but how?
Good question...
For starters,
he should do something
that makes a girl's heart throb!
For example...
I know!
Giving a tribute
is one of the basics of a date!
We usually call it a "present."
Sorry to keep you waiting!
Maika-san!
You look cute!
Um, Maika-san,
do you mind if we go to a store
before the café?
No, that's okay.
I'll buy Maika-san an outfit here.
Give me a lecture on clothes, you guys.
Oh, clothes, huh?
Crap! I only buy stuff online!
What kind of clothes do you like, Maika-san?
Me?
G-Go on, Akizuki-kun, give him some advice.
What?
I can't!
And at this kind of shop, there's...
Welcome!
Are you looking for something
in particular, miss?
Oh, you've noticed that skirt.
It's totally cute, isn't it?
It just came in.
I know it's her job to act like that...
But it's a painful attack against people like us
who live in a different world!
You two interact
with customers, too, don't you?
It's a different genre!
It's so popular that it sold out
soon after we got it in stock,
and we finally managed to get some more!
So you're extremely lucky, miss!
Actually, I have the same one,
but in a different color...
Sh-She's a customer service pro!
Incidentally, it's popular to match
a skirt like this with a top like this.
Is there a certain kind of outfit
you'd like to put together?
I'd be glad to give you suggestions.
I can't put her through that much trouble!
Miss?
No, thanks!
I-If you have any questions,
feel free to ask me.
Maika-chan is strong.
Maika-san, is there some kind of outfit
or whatever that you'd like?
The clothes in these shops are too flashy.
I don't think they have anything
that would suit me.
Really?
Then that!
How about this mascot key chain?
That's cute!
Yeah!
The shape of these ears,
this dot of a nose
and, and the feel of it! It's all cute, right?
I bet you'd like to attach this
to your bag or something, right?
Manager...
It seems you really like that key chain, huh?
We went here and there,
but I didn't get an opportunity
to give her a present!
Why don't you just buy something for her?
If she won't accept it,
just stuff it in her bag!
R-Right!
Since it's come to this...
Excuse me! Sorry to make you wait!
Where were you, Maika-chan?
A-Actually, I went back to—
M-Maika-san!
Actu...
Actually, there's something
I want to give you!
What a coincidence!
There's something
I want to give you, too, Manager!
Maika-san, that's...
It sounded like you really wanted it!
So I went back and bought it for you
as thanks for taking me all over today.
S-Same! This is thanks
for hanging out with me today!
Then we've got a matching set, huh?
Maika-san...
Maika-san, you're...
Manager!
Your nose is bleeding!
Huh?
Did a customer forget that?
I wonder what it is.
What's wrong, Maika?
U-Um...
A-A customer forgot to take that with them!
You probably should've left it
in the bag, huh?
What is it? I wanna see, too!
You can't see it.
You can't see it!
u can't see it!
can't see it!
You can't see it!
Oh, it's just doujinshi.
You're under 18,
so you're not allowed to see it.
Hey, is something up?
A customer's forgotten item.
Th-This is the legendary
premium limited edition doujinshi
by the group Hanazono Folder
before they shut down their club!
"Hanazono" is a flower garden,
not a magazine!
Now you're making me really curious!
Too bad.
Say, you saw it, right, Maika-chan?
What was it like?
Um... Uh...
A girl... school uniform... tied up...
Something... Sweat was...
Um... Um...
Sorry. That's fine. You don't have to say.
So what should we do with this?
I'm sure they'll come back for it,
so let's hold on to it until then.
Yeah.
I finally get to take a break!
Akizuki-san...
A large order just came in,
so could you come back to the kitchen?
S-Sure.
Break time, break time!
Excuse me...
You dirty-minded high school girl...
Jeez.
After all, I'm the only one
who hasn't seen it, so I'm curious!
You're the only one?
For Maika, it was just an accident.
Besides,
look at the distance Maika's keeping
between herself and this magazine.
I didn't realize Maika-chan was there.
Good morning!
Th-The customer
hasn't picked it up yet then, huh?
It's probably hard to come back for it.
But it's bad for me, just leaving it here!
I'm so curious about it
that I can't concentrate on my work!
And we can't just throw it away.
What should we do?
Why don't we ask all the customers?
Do you know what you're saying?
Are you willing to ask customers
about that magazine?
N-No!
We'll ask in a roundabout way
so that only the owner will realize it.
Isn't that anime awesome this time around?
Everyone around me
is talking about that timeline—
Excuse me...
I'm going to ask you an awkward question.
Do you like being tied up?
Hey!
That's too direct!
W-Was it? Sorry!
Then I'll be more indirect!
I don't know what'll happen
with the west and east buildings—
Sorry to bother you again!
Do you wish to do something
with a girl in a sailor suit?
Get back here!
Yes, that wasn't quite as direct, but still...
I'm sorry!
I think I have an idea
of what's in that magazine.
Forgotten item:
BOOK
We'll put up a notice about a forgotten item
and then wait a while longer.
"Forgotten item: Book."
That's too vague!
But we can't write directly
what it's about, right?
Give it to me for a second.
Oh, sure.
SELF-PUBLISHED BOOK
Forgotten item:
Excuse me.
We're closed for the day.
No, um...
I believe I left a magazine here
the other day.
What?
Whaaat?
A-A beautiful woman like this
is the owner of that magazine?
U-Um, what kind of magazine is it?
The title is "T-Tied Up My Way,
Like It or Knot."
I-I see! With the girls tied up!
I know the one!
TIED UP MY WAY, LIKE IT OR KNOT
Say no more!
Thank you.
Did I miss something?
The owner of the magazine
came to pick it up.
Oh, good thing
we put up that notice, huh?
But I'm still surprised
the owner was a woman.
A woman?
DOUJINSHI
ANIME
Recently there's been a surge
of stylish female otaku.
Sometimes they even look like models, too.
I often go to doujin events, too,
and buy all kinds of doujinshi!
All kinds, huh?
But I would've bet
the owner was a man, too!
You, too, Maika-chan?
Huh? Where's Maika-chan?
Maika's over there.
She's in shock after being struck
by an unexpected reality.
She's so pure.
Excuse me,
we're still getting ready to open.
Huh?
THE KOUHAI IS AN (HEALTHY) ONEE-SAN
Smile!
Sweet!
Sister!
Sadistic!
Suprise!
Service!
We are Stile!
Nii-sama fansubs presents:
さあ扉を開けて
saa tobira wo akete
Now, open the door
未知なるパラダイス
michi naru paradaisu
Come here!
体験しよう　おいで　おいでよ
taikenshiyou oide oide yo!
Let's experience the unknown paradise.
君を待つのは不思議なオアシス
kimi wo matsu no wa fushigi na oashisu
Mysterious oasis with sipcy flavour
ほっこり日常に ちょっぴりスパイス
hokkori nichijou ni choppiri supaisu
is waiting for you everyday.
くるくる　かき混ぜちゃうんだ
kurukuru kakimazechaun da
Spinning, spinning. I'm stirring!
ぐるぐる　縦じまのフレイバー
guruguru tatejima no fureibaa
Round and round, vertical stripes of flavor.
サービス　サービス　ご褒美タイム
saabisu saabisu gohoubi taimu
Service, service! It's a reward time!
おもてなし　心込めて
omotenashi kokoro komete
We want to serve you from the bottom of our hearts.
Welcome to　わーい
Welcome to wai
Welcome to! Yay!
私たちと一緒に
watashitachi to issho ni
Please experience with us
めくるめくWonder Daydream
mekurumeku wonder day dream
the dazzling, wonder daydream.
愛情をマシマシ
aijou wo mashi mashi
Feel the increase of love affection
煩悩をなでまで
bannou wo nade made
with each headpat, until reaching your limit.
誠心誠意勤めます
seishinseii tsutomemasu
We'll put whole hearts into our work!
Yes　キミの元気チャージに
yes! kimi no genki chaaji ni
Yes! Can I play a part
一役買えるかな
hitoyaku kaeru kana
in recharging your life energy?
こういった感じも
kou itta kanji mo
This kinds of feelings
ああいった感じも
aa itta kanji mo
and that kinds of feelings
意外と悪くないでしょ
igai to warukunai deshou
aren't bad too, you know?
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono, burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
キミに　きゅんきゅんきゅん
kimi ni kyun kyun kyun!
I will make you swoon, swoon, swoon!
ハートに パンチパンチパンチ
haato ni panchi panchi panchi!
With a punch, punch, punch to your heart.
(ブオーノ　ブオーノ　ブレンドスタイル)
(buono buono burendo sutairu)
(Buono, Buono, Blend Style)
お口に合いますか？
okuchi ni aimasuka?
Are you enjoying your meal?
お口に合うといいな！
okuchi ni au to ii na
Does it suit your tastes?